Hey there, 18-24 year olds! Are you tired of expensive and time-consuming cross-border money transfers? Well, Visa has some exciting news for you! They've made a strategic investment in Terra Pay, the Global Payments Network that touches about 4.5 billion bank accounts, 1.5 billion mobile wallets in about 108 countries. This means that people and small businesses can now send and receive money in a quick, low-cost way. And the best part? Terra Pay's capabilities will enhance the user experience by allowing funds to be delivered not only in cars and bank accounts, but also in mobile wallets. This is a great addition to what Visa Direct is trying to achieve, and it complements every effort that they're making to get the banks ready to accept transactions on the debit card.

But that's not all! Visa's investment in Terra Pay is also intended to create more choice for mobile wallet users. Wallets for cross-border P2P are growing as a very important choice for consumers, and Visa is following the consumer by taking a very consumer-centric approach. They know that by the end of 2025, there will be more than 5 billion mobile wallets out there, and these 5 billion wallets are reaching around 800 million individuals who do not have a debit card or who do not have a bank account. By expanding in that world to facilitate digital and financial inclusion, Visa is playing an important role in the global economy.

Speaking of the global economy, did you know that 90 percent of small businesses globally represent the employed segment of the population and 70 percent of GDP globally is really driven by small businesses? Unfortunately, moving money between small businesses cross-border can be complicated and time-consuming. But with Visa's investment in Terra Pay and the commercial relationship they have established, they hope to solve some of those problems. By participating in the tools and in the containers that small businesses are using today to solve for their money movement needs, Visa is facilitating their integration into a larger, boosting economy.

So, what are some of the obstacles to getting scale in some of these markets? Well, according to Ruben Salazar Genovez, Terra Pay's CEO, financial inclusion is part digital inclusion, but it's also part trying to understand how we consolidate our network of networks, trying to understand how we're going to collaborate with other networks that are reaching other consumers that we are not reaching today. It's a complex issue, but with Visa's investment in Terra Pay, they're taking a step in the right direction.