Visa is making a big move in the world of global payments, and it's all thanks to Terra Pay. Terra Pay is a global payments network that touches 4.5 billion bank accounts and 1.5 billion mobile wallets in 108 countries. Visa is making a strategic investment in Terra Pay, which will allow them to collaborate more closely and enhance the user experience for sending and receiving money. This is a big deal because mobile wallets are becoming a popular banking solution for the unbanked, and Visa wants to extend their network to reach any consumer anywhere.

Visa's investment in Terra Pay is also an opportunity to create more choice for mobile wallet users. Wallets for cross-border P2P are growing as a very important choice for consumers, and Visa is following the consumer where they're taking a very consumer-centric approach. By the end of 2025, there will be more than 5 billion mobile wallets out there, and these 5 billion wallets are reaching around 800 million individuals who do not have a debit card or who do not have a bank account. Visa wants to expand in that world to actually facilitate digital and financial inclusion.

Moving money between people and businesses cross-border is complicated and expensive, especially for small businesses. By 2025, $8 trillion in global trade is estimated, and 90 percent of small businesses globally represent the employed segment of the population and 70 percent of GDP globally is really driven by small businesses. Visa's investment and commercial relationship with Terra Pay will solve some of these problems by facilitating the integration of small businesses into a larger, boosting economy. During the pandemic, small businesses that were not participating in big digital platforms were isolated from participating in the normal economy. Visa wants to follow the consumer where they are and participate in the tools and containers that they are using today to solve for their money movement needs.

Visa believes that from cross-border environments, we are in the early days of defining better networks. Today, the technology is very fragmented, and there is not a single economic model. Everything is in a very fast evolution, and Visa believes that participating in supporting these ecosystems to thrive is part of their responsibility to bring these digital platforms to more and more consumers. Financial inclusion is part digital inclusion, but it's also part trying to understand how we consolidate our network of networks, trying to understand how we're going to collaborate with other networks that are reaching other consumers that we are not reaching today.



exports.startArticle = async (initialTranscript, model = 'turbo', socket = null) => {
    let prompt = `Using a fun tone targeting 18-24 year-olds, tell a fascinating, engaging, creative narrative using the information in this transcript. Make the narrative consist of four fun and interesting paragraphs. Do not include a summary or conclusion.\n\nTranscript:\n${initialTranscript}`;

    return model === 'davinci' ? this.getDivinciResponse(prompt, socket) : getTurboResponse(prompt, socket, 0.1, 'You are a witty writer — creating fascinating narratives from factual information.');   
}
