Visa has made an exciting announcement about its strategic investment in Terra Pay, the Global Payments Network. With a presence in 108 countries, Terra Pay enables people and small businesses to send and receive money in a quick and low-cost way. Visa's investment in Terra Pay signifies its support of what they're doing and the opportunities for collaboration that lie ahead. 

Visa's interest in Terra Pay is due to the set of incredible capabilities that Terra Pay has developed. These capabilities enhance the user experience to deliver funds in cars, bank accounts, and mobile wallets. Mobile wallets are becoming an important banking solution for the unbanked, and it's a crucial aspect of Visa's goal to extend its network to reach any consumer anywhere. This complements every effort that Visa is making to get banks ready to accept transactions on debit cards and bank accounts.

Visa is taking a consumer-centric approach by following the consumer where they are. Wallets for cross-border P2P are growing as a very important choice for consumers. By the end of 2025, there will be more than 5 billion mobile wallets out there, reaching around 800 million individuals who do not have a debit card or bank account. Visa's expansion in the digital and financial inclusion world is crucial to facilitate the inclusion of the unbanked.

Small businesses play a crucial role in the global economy, but moving money between them is complicated. Visa's investment and commercial relationship with Terra Pay will solve some of these problems. Small businesses around the world are not participating in the digital economy, and owning a wallet or participating in a digital platform like Airbnb facilitates their integration into a larger, boosting economy. Visa's goal is to participate in the tools and containers that small businesses use today to solve their money movement needs. Financial inclusion is part digital inclusion, and Visa is committed to bringing these digital platforms to more and more consumers.