Karen Webster sat down with Ruben Salazar Genovez from Visa to discuss the company's strategic investment in Terra Pay, the Global Payments Network. With a presence in 108 countries and the ability to touch 4.5 billion bank accounts and 1.5 billion mobile wallets, Terra Pay is a significant asset. Visa's investment in Terra Pay is a sign of support for what they are doing and an opportunity for collaboration. The goal is to enhance the user experience and deliver funds not only in cars and bank accounts but also in mobile wallets.

Visa is following the consumer where they are, taking a consumer-centric approach. They are expanding their network to reach any consumer anywhere, particularly those who do not have a debit card or bank account. By the end of 2025, there will be more than 5 billion mobile wallets, reaching around 800 million individuals. Visa's expansion aims to facilitate digital and financial inclusion, an important aspect of their growth.

Moving money between small businesses and people cross-border is complicated and expensive. Visa estimates that by 2025, $8 trillion in global trade will occur. Small businesses are an essential part of the global economy, representing 90% of the employed segment of the population and driving 70% of GDP globally. Visa's investment and commercial relationship with Terra Pay aim to solve some of these problems by facilitating small businesses' integration into a larger, boosting economy.

Visa believes that financial inclusion is part of digital inclusion, and they are committed to bringing digital platforms to more and more consumers. They understand that participating in supporting these ecosystems to thrive is part of their responsibility. They aim to consolidate their network of networks and collaborate with other networks that are reaching consumers they are not reaching today. Visa is committed to overcoming the obstacles to getting scale in some of these markets, enabling a digital connection between the person and their business.
