Visa has announced a strategic investment in Terra Pay, the Global Payments Network that operates in 108 countries and touches 4.5 billion bank accounts and 1.5 billion mobile wallets. The investment is a sign of Visa's support for Terra Pay's capabilities, which enhance the user experience to deliver funds in cars, bank accounts, and mobile wallets. Ruben Salazar Genovez, Visa's Senior Vice President of Digital Solutions for Visa Latin America and the Caribbean, said that mobile wallets are an important banking solution for the unbanked and complement Visa's efforts to extend the network to reach any consumer anywhere.

Genovez said that Visa is following the consumer where they are, and in some cases, small businesses are the only way to operate through digital wallets in many markets. During the pandemic, small businesses that were not participating in big digital platforms were isolated from participating in the normal economy. Visa's investment in Terra Pay will facilitate the integration of small businesses into a larger, boosting economy.

Visa believes that it is in the early days of defining better networks for cross-border environments. The technology is very fragmented, and there is not a single economic model. Visa is participating in supporting these ecosystems to thrive as part of its responsibility to bring these digital platforms to more and more consumers. Financial inclusion is part digital inclusion, but it's also part trying to understand how to consolidate the network of networks and collaborate with other networks that are reaching other consumers that Visa is not reaching today.

The obstacles to getting scale in some of these markets include enabling a digital connection between the person and their business. Not just because that can be complicated, but also because there are big barriers to getting the move from a cash to digital environment in these economies. Visa's investment in Terra Pay will help to solve some of these problems by creating more choice for mobile wallet users and facilitating digital and financial inclusion.

Visa's strategic investment in Terra Pay is a sign of the company's commitment to enhancing the user experience and delivering funds to bank accounts, mobile wallets, and cards. Ruben Salazar Genovez, Visa's Senior Vice President of Digital Solutions for Visa Latin America and the Caribbean, said that mobile wallets are an important banking solution for the unbanked and complement Visa's efforts to extend the network to reach any consumer anywhere.

Visa's investment in Terra Pay will facilitate the integration of small businesses into a larger, boosting economy. During the pandemic, small businesses that were not participating in big digital platforms were isolated from participating in the normal economy. Visa believes that it is in the early days of defining better networks for cross-border environments. The technology is very fragmented, and there is not a single economic model. Visa is participating in supporting these ecosystems to thrive as part of its responsibility to bring these digital platforms to more and more consumers.

Financial inclusion is part digital inclusion, but it's also part trying to understand how to consolidate the network of networks and collaborate with other networks that are reaching other consumers that Visa is not reaching today. The obstacles to getting scale in some of these markets include enabling a digital connection between the person and their business. Not just because that can be complicated, but also because there are big barriers to getting the move from a cash to digital environment in these economies.

Visa's investment in Terra Pay will help to solve some of these problems by creating more choice for mobile wallet users and facilitating digital and financial inclusion. The collaboration between Visa and Terra Pay is focused on expanding markets, reaching more wallets, attracting more transactions, and more consumers. The investment is a strategic investment to support the development in this ambitious market expansion.

In conclusion, Visa's investment in Terra Pay is a significant step towards enhancing the user experience and delivering funds to bank accounts, mobile wallets, and cards. The collaboration between Visa and Terra Pay is focused on expanding markets, reaching more wallets, attracting more transactions, and more consumers. Visa's investment in Terra Pay will facilitate the integration of small businesses into a larger, boosting economy and help to solve some of the problems associated with enabling a digital connection between the person and their business. Visa is committed to bringing these digital platforms to more and more consumers and supporting the development of better networks for cross-border environments.