Karen Webster and Ruben Salazar Genovez from Visa are here to talk about something exciting - Visa's strategic investment in Terra Pay, the Global Payments Network. Terra Pay is a network that touches about 4.5 billion bank accounts, 1.5 billion mobile wallets in about 108 countries. This network is enabling people and small businesses to send and receive money in a quick, low-cost way. Visa's investment in Terra Pay is a sign of their support for what they're doing and also an opportunity for them to collaborate more closely.

Terra Pay has developed a set of incredible capabilities that will enhance the user experience to deliver funds not only in cars, in bank accounts, but also in mobile wallets. Mobile wallets are coming in as a very important banking solution for the unbanked, and it's a very important aspect of Visa extending the network to reach any consumer anywhere. This complements every effort that Visa is making to get the banks ready to accept transactions on the debit card, in the bank accounts, but now the ability to send transactions and to download these funds in a mobile container is a great addition to what they're trying to achieve with Visa Direct.

Visa is following the consumer where they're taking a very consumer-centric approach. They know that by the end of 2025, there will be more than 5 billion mobile wallets out there. And these 5 billion wallets are reaching around 800 million individuals who do not have a debit card or who do not have a bank account. Expanding in that world to actually facilitate digital and financial inclusion is an important aspect of Visa's expansion.

Visa believes that there is a very large portion of the SMBs around the world not participating in the digital economy. And owning a wallet or participating in a digital platform like Airbnb or any other platforms from the gig economy facilitates their integration into a larger, boosting economy. During the pandemic, they learned that if a small restaurant was not participating in big digital platforms like Uber Eats or Instacart or any other platforms, they were isolated from participating in the normal economy. So what Visa is trying to do is to follow the consumer where they are. And in some cases, the small business is the only way to operate through these digital wallets in many markets.

