
Visa is making a big move - investing in TerraPay, the Global Payments Network that reaches an impressive 4.5 billion bank accounts and 1.5 billion mobile wallets across 108 countries. This strategic move is a sign of Visa's commitment to making digital platforms more accessible to more and more consumers and their mission to support these ecosystems as they grow and thrive. As Ruben Salazar Genovez, from Visa, states, “We know that by the end of 2025, there will be more than 5 billion mobile wallets out there. And these 5 billion wallets are reaching around 800 million individuals who do not have a debit card or who do not have a bank account.” Visa's investment in TerraPay will help to facilitate digital and financial inclusion for those without debit cards or bank accounts, allowing these individuals to participate in the digital economy.

Moreover, Visa's investment and commercial relationship with TerraPay will help to solve the challenges small businesses face when moving money cross-border. Ruben Salazar Genovez further states, “What we are trying to do is to follow the consumer where they are. And in some cases, the only way for small businesses to operate is through these digital wallets in many markets.” With global trade estimated to reach $8 trillion by 2025, and small businesses playing such an important role, Visa's investment and commercial relationship with Terra Pay will help to ensure that small businesses can continue to operate in a cost-effective, timely manner.

Visa is dedicated to providing secure, reliable, and affordable financial services to all, and this investment in TerraPay is a sign of their commitment. As Ruben Salazar Genovez aptly states, “We believe that there is a very large portion of the SMEs around the world not participating in the digital economy. And owning a wallet or participating in a digital platform like Airbnb or any other platforms from the gig economy facilitates their integration into a larger, boosting economy.” Visa's investment in TerraPay will help to make this integration possible, allowing for greater financial inclusion for all.

